Translation corrections (#501)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_007.txt

//rしかしそれには手をつけず、金しか奪えないほどやつらが切羽詰っていたのか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかしそれには手をつけず、金しか奪えないほどやつらが切羽詰っていたのか…？",

> 			NULL, "But they didn't do that, yet were so desperate they could only take the money...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But they didn't do that. Were so desperate they could only take the money...?", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s08/30/321300083", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「仕組んだのでしょうな。",
			NULL, "\"They must have set something up.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s08/30/321300084", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…確実に彼女が、そこのサービスエリアに立ち寄るように」",

> 			NULL, " ...Something that would make her stop at the service area for certain.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...Something to make certain she'd stop at the service area.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s08/30/321300090", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「岐阜県警か、それ以外か…戻ってくる時に、彼女の車からガソリンを抜いたのだと思われます」",

> 			NULL, "\"Maybe it was the Gifu prefectural police, or maybe it was someone else... but I believe someone made it seem like her car was out of her car on the return trip.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Maybe it was the Gifu prefectural police, or maybe it was someone else... but I believe someone siphoned the gas out of her car while she was there.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s08/30/321300092", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あと、…先ほど情報センターで録音テープを確認したのですが、南井警部の報告がない。",
			NULL, "\"And... I checked the recordings at the information center earlier, but there were no reports from Chief Inspector Minai.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s08/30/321300093", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "まめに報告する彼女にしては変だと思って調べてみたのですが、",

> 			NULL, " That didn't sit well with me since she frequently reports in, so I did some digging... ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " That didn't sit well with me since she usually reports in frequently , so I did some digging... ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500976", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『…に向かいます。どうぞ』",

> 			NULL, "\"...heading that way. Over.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Heading that way. Over.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…数回のコールの後、出てきた担当者に挨拶も忘れて言った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…数回のコールの後、出てきた担当者に挨拶も忘れて言った。",
			NULL, "...After it rang several times, I neglected to greet the person on the other end and immediately started talking.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//赤坂rvS08/13/321000767.「大石さんという方を、大至急一課までお願いします」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000767", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「大石さんという方を、大至急一課までお願いします」",

> 			NULL, "\"Please tell a man named Ooishi-san to hurry on over to the First Investigation Division.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Please tell a man named Ooishi-san to hurry over to the First Investigation Division.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r不機嫌だから、…なんて言葉じゃ片付けられない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "不機嫌だから、…なんて言葉じゃ片付けられない。",

> 			NULL, "This couldn't simply be handwaved... as her being in a bad mood.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "This... couldn't simply be handwaved as her being in a bad mood.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"You're wrong... you're wrong...!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300280", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　私は、あんたを、あんたのことっ…！」",
			NULL, " I wouldn't... I would never do that... to you...!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rだけど、もうどれだけ言い訳しても、…何も、ならない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "だけど、もうどれだけ言い訳しても、…何も、ならない。",

> 			NULL, "But I no matter how many excuses I made... it didn't make a difference.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But no matter how many excuses I made... it didn't make a difference.", Line_Normal);
```
